# Meng Sichong - Project Portfolio Page

## Overview
BusyBreakBusyBreak is a travel assistant application that helps users manage 
their travel itineraries, budgets, and trips. Users interact with it via a CLI, 
and it is written in Java, focusing on simplifying travel planning and expense tracking.

### Summary of Contributions
* **New feature: Trip Management**
  * **What it does**: Added Trip (**Trip.java**) and trip functionalities (**TripCommand.java**), 
enabling users to add, list, and delete trips with start/end times 
and transport details, including validation for time order.
  * **Highlights**: This function allows users to manage their traffic plans,
which is beneficial for long-distance travel.

* **New feature: `Schedule` Command**
  * **What it does**: Added the command to sort activities and trips by time, 
with trip conflict detection to prevent overlapping trips.
  * **Highlights**: This feature allows users to know the order of travel matters.

* **New feature: `Check` Command**
  * **What it does**: Added the check feature to allow users to filter 
and view activities/trips within a specified date range.
  * **Highlights**: Users can check contents of the target time period.

* **New feature: `Clear` Command**
  * **What it does**: Added commands `clear`,`clear budget`,`clear trip`,
`clear all` and `clear befor yyyy-MM-dd` to clear the 
corresponding range of data at one time.
  * **Highlights**: Users no longer need to delete them one by one.

* **New feature: Storage and Load**
  * **What it does**: Added Storage (**Storage.java**) and Load (**Load.java**) classes to save/load all data to/from files,
 with error handling for invalid entries.
  * **Highlights**: This function ensures data persistence between sessions.


* **Code contributed**: [tP Code Dashboard](https://nus-cs2113-ay2526s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=msc-123456&breakdown=true&sort=groupTitle%20dsc&sortWithin=title&since=2025-09-19T00%3A00%3A00&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&filteredFileName=)


* **Enhancements to existing feature:**
  * **What it does**: Use Java's built-in `java.time.LocalDateTime` library 
and other related libraries to store the times in activity.
  * **Highlights**: This design facilitates subsequent time operations.

* **Enhancements to existing feature:**
    * **What it does**: Set the log printing range
    * **Highlights**: This design prevents users from being
disturbed by lengthy log information


* **Contributions to the UG:**
  * Add documentation for Managing Trips section
  * Add documentation for `schedule` command section
  * Add documentation for `check` command section
  * Add documentation for `clear` command section
  * Add table of contents for all commands

* **Contributions to the DG:**
  * Add documentation for **Time and Schedule Management** section
  * Add documentation for **Trip Management** section and the corresponding class diagram
  * Add documentation for **Data Range Check** section and the corresponding activity diagram
  * Add documentation for **Data Clearing** section and the corresponding activity diagram
  * Add documentation for **Data Storage and Loading** section and the corresponding sequence diagram

* **Contributions to team-based tasks:**
  * PR reviewed and merge 
