# Joshua Tam Ka Yui - Project Portfolio Page

## Overview

BusyBreak is a travel assistant application that manages a user's travel itineraries.
It is a CLI based application written in java.

### Summary of Contributions

* **New feature: Add Command**
*
    * **What it does**: Added the `add` command (**Add.java**) to allow users to add
      activities to their travel itineraries with date, time, description and cost.
  * **Highlights**: This core feature allows users to build their itinerary activity by activity.
    It is integrated with the budget tracking system.

* **New feature: List Command**
*
    * **What it does**: Added the `list` command (**List.java**) to allow users to list out all
      activities in the user's itinerary in a neatly formatted list.
  * **Highlights**: This allows a user to view their itinerary at a glance.

* **New feature: Find Command**
*
    * **What it does**: Added the `find` command (**Find.java**) to allow users to search
      for an activity via keyword.
  * **Highlights**: This features enables easy searching of large itineraries. The implementation
    includes non-case-sensitive searching.

* **New feature: Parser Class**
*
    * **What it does**: Added the Parser class (**Parser.java**) for parsing user input
      to be passed to commands.
  * **Highlights**: Centralized parsing logic ensure consistent input handling following the single
    responsibility principle.


* **Code contributed**: [tP Code Dashboard](https://nus-cs2113-ay2526s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=Jos&sort=groupTitle&sortWithin=title&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&breakdown=true&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&since=2025-09-19T00%3A00%3A00&filteredFileName=undefined&tabOpen=true&tabType=authorship&tabAuthor=tam308&tabRepo=AY2526S1-CS2113-W13-4%2Ftp%5Bmaster%5D&authorshipIsMergeGroup=false&authorshipFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code&authorshipIsBinaryFileTypeChecked=true&authorshipIsIgnoredFilesChecked=true)


* **Contributions to the UG:**
  * Add documentation for `Add` command section
  * Add documentation for `List` command section
  * Add documentation for `Find` section section
  * Add class diagrams for `Add`, `List` and `Find` commands
  * Add sequence diagrams for `Add`, `List` and `Find` commands
  * Add activity diagrams for `Add`, `List` and `Find` commands


* **Contributions to team-based tasks:**
  * PR reviewing and merging
  * Set up initial project structure
  * Maintain issue tracker